hello guys Jen here super duper duper
duper quick I hope everybody is doing
amazeballs today I just had a quick
quick quick quaver quick waiver no a
quick favor to ask you in case you are
interested or if you are interested in
haven't done so already so on sim sugars
channel AKA laura she is in association
with the sims magazine doing a rameez or
it's called the simi's kind of a
nomination voting situation for two
different i guess categories the first
category is the best sims storyteller
and then the second one which i have no
interest in unfortunately because i'm
definitely not one of the a's the best
custom content um i guess maybe holder
or user or whatever the case is the best
similar who has like the best custom
content I don't know obviously for those
who know me and and watch my videos you
know that I am so into storytelling and
that is pretty much my niche I am been
doing this for a very long time now and
it's just kind of one of the things that
make me me as you can tell um it's kind
of like a little bit of a I don't know I
wouldn't say it's an award kind of thing
but obviously you're voting for whoever
you feel tells the best stories and
again there's so many people here who do
this now and are so talented in so many
ways and no means am I you know asking
you to choose I'm also just bringing
awareness to this as well but if you
feel like I am one of those people who
tells greats and stories the video of
which i'm speaking about will be in the
description bar below I'm kind of like
very out of sorts in describing this but
basically if you feel like I am a great
sense some storyteller you just go on to
XM sugars video and vote for me pretty
much I think all the details and all
that will be
in that video I don't want a butcher or
botch anything but again I it'd be
really cool to like win that kind of
award just because that is like my thing
I guess that's what makes me me on my
channel and I don't know I just think
it's kind of cool so I just wanted to go
ahead and share that with you guys and
die if you're interested the information
will be in the comments down below for
all those who vote thank you so much and
for all who's who don't it's okay thank
you as well but again at the very least
go check it out and vote for your
favorites and storyteller even if it
isn't me go ahead and do that um yeah so
I hope everyone is doing amazing I want
to thank you guys again so much for
watching my videos and tuning in with me
tonight I hope you all are doing
splendid tomorrow I will be posting the
barns bros the very last episode and
also will be posting either I get to
work or the spring stones which is some
interesting duties are happening in that
part as well alright guys well I'm gonna
roll out like a balls and I will talk to
you all tomorrow since bye guys